Arrangement_on_surface_2: change intersection return types (from legacy CGAL::Object to variants) (#4607)
CGAL/cgal: Installation/CHANGES.md

Release date: June 2020

> ### 2D Arrangement on Suurface
>  -   Changed intersection return type from legacy CGAL::Object to modern
>      boost::variant.
>      As there is an implicit conversion from boost::variant to CGAL::Object, the
>      new code is backward compatible. However, it is recomnded that all calls
>      to the intersection functions are fixed to use the new return type.
> 
> ### 2D Regularized Boolean Operations
>  -   Changed intersection return type from legacy CGAL::Object to modern
>      boost::variant.
> 
> ### 2D Minkowski sums
>  -   Changed intersection return type from legacy CGAL::Object to modern
>      boost::variant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2D Arrangement on Surface
 -   Changed intersection return type from legacy `CGAL::Object` to modern
     `boost::variant`.
     As there is an implicit conversion from `boost::variant` to `CGAL::Object`, the
     new code is backward compatible. However, it is recommended that all calls
     to the intersection functions are fixed to use the new return type.

### 2D Regularized Boolean Operations
 -   Changed intersection return type from legacy `CGAL::Object` to modern
     `boost::variant`.

### 2D Minkowski sums
 -   Changed intersection return type from legacy `CGAL::Object` to modern
     `boost::variant`.
```
